Adding a note about splitChunks.name = false functionality (#2672)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/split-chunks-plugin.md

`boolean: true | function (module) | string`

> The name of the split chunk. Providing `true` will automatically generate a name based on chunks and cache group key, while `false` will use an id as the name (a good value for production so that it doesn't change unnecessarily). Providing a string or function will allow you to use a custom name. If the name matches an entry point name, the entry point will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the split chunk. Providing `true` will automatically generate a name based on chunks and cache group key. Providing a string or function will allow you to use a custom name. If the name matches an entry point name, the entry point will be removed.

T> It is recommended to set `splitChunks.name` to `false` for production builds so that it doesn't change names unnecessarily.
```
